[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
suspense film 2067
spoiler ahead watch out and take care in
the future world
due to excessive deforestation the last
tree in the amazon jungle has
disappeared
and large areas of seaweed vanish
causing a sharp drop of oxygen in the
air
the human civilization falls due to
plant extinction
and fatal respiratory disease in the
year 2067
the remaining human survivors live in an
underground city
where the oxygen level is low and
becomes the most precious resource
the labor force is widely employed to
produce oxygen
even so oxygen takes up only 3.3
of the air far less than 21 which is
required to keep humans alive
and healthy as such everyone needs to
wear an oxygen mask all along
to consume the synthetic oxygen which is
mainly produced by the chronic or
corporation the largest synthetic oxygen
supplier for the underground city
however that kind of synthetic oxygen is
tainted
and will gradually cause a deadly
disease known as sickness
which won't kill people immediately but
is chronic and incurable
people will spit blood once they get ill
from that and their lives will come to
an end with no effective cure
the whole humanity will disappear sooner
or later
as a result the strong people fight for
the decreasing oxygen
while the weak have no choice but to
burn themselves to protest against the
authorities privileges
in the use and allocation of oxygen
instead of showing any sympathy for the
dead
the administration condemned such
irresponsible behaviors
because they're burning suicidal would
waste more oxygen
ethan works as a mechanic for the city's
power plant 20 years ago
his father left home went missing while
his mother was killed
ethan was raised by his brother who's
now his only family member
but ethan has a girlfriend he's in deep
love with one day he gets home
and brings an oxygen mask as a present
to her she puts on the mask
but starts spitting blood obviously she
gets ill due to the synthetic oxygen
and may die soon later ethan and his
brother are brought to the company cto
who explains that the sickness will
eventually wipe out humanity
and only ethan can save the world ethan
doesn't believe her smelly at first
and the cto leads him to their
laboratory where the fellows seem to be
familiar to ethan
it's revealed that ethan's father a
quantum physicist
actually worked for chronicle but the
father keeps it a secret due to the
confidentiality agreement
he devoted all his life to the
scientific project but later
he's missing and no trace of him has
been found since then
when they come to the center of the lab
the cto shows ethan a prototype time
machine
devised by ethan's father through it
scientists ever received a message from
the future
hundreds of years later the message
clearly shows send ethan
and it puzzles the group a lot but
they're quite sure that humans in the
future
must have a way to overcome the sickness
in hopes of finding a cure for the
sickness
and preventing the extinction of
humankind they decide to send ethan to
the future world through the time
machine
aware of its high risks ethan refuses
the mission at first
as he doesn't trust the chronicler and
perhaps he won't be able to come back
however seeing his sick girlfriend lying
on the bed helpless
he changes his mind and accepts the
mission in exchange he's promised that
his girlfriend will be saved first
once he returns with the cure equipped
with a microcomputer capable of
communication and navigation
ethan then goes into the time machine
after surviving the dramatic time
displacement
ethan finds himself brought to a lush
rainforest 407 years later
an explosion accidentally burns off his
oxygen mask
but he is surprised to find that he can
breathe without any mask on the future
planet
later ethan sees so many species there
and the forest full of giant trees
which seem to have a lifespan of several
hundreds of years
following the instruction of the
microcomputer ethan comes to the
entrance of a bunker
where there is a skeleton wearing the
same jumpsuit as his
he checks it carefully and finds a
bullet hole in its skull
he also finds a familiar rusty
microcomputer device
the same as his current one to his shock
the name tag beside even shows his name
ethan all of which indicate that the
identity of the corpse is nobody
else but ethan himself he finds the
rusty device still has some power left
so he turns it on to play the last
recording in which he hears the quarrel
between his future self and someone
unknown
and then a following gunshot because of
that he falls into horror and despair
right then the microcomputer detects a
weak signal ethan follows it further
but only to find several broken
containers
at night ethan happens to eat some
poisonous berries
causing him to lose consciousness after
a while ethan wakes up to find himself
taken care of by his brother
who traveled by the time machine to the
future year to rescue ethan
as he was informed from the biochemical
readings that ethan was in danger
they returned to the entrance and the
skeleton remains there
which means ethan will still die shortly
later they search forward
and finds an entrance located on the
other side to their surprise
a scanner reaches out and scans ethan's
face
then the door opens automatically they
pass through the door and
walk to the end of the dark hall where a
computer identifies ethan
and shows him the next instruction
confused though
ethan presses enter trying to activate
the system
but he's then shocked by the dna
verification process
shortly after the blood test the system
has been successfully activated
however it turns out to be the exact
chronocorp laboratory
but in the future year of 407 years
later
there is nothing else there but a still
functioning time machine
which excites ethan's brother greatly
because that means they're able to
return to the past
but ethan doesn't think so the dead body
of his future self
just reminds him that he will die
sometime soon
ethan checks the system log and finds a
holographic recording made by his father
who explains that the time machine was
originally designed
to collect the oxygen data in the future
planet and then transmit it back to the
past
however when the father first started
the time machine he received a message
asking him to send his son to the future
despite his misgivings
he chose to do so and made a dna
verification here for ethan
but ethan and his brother realize that
the time machine won't be able to take
them back
because its battery has almost depleted
after 407 years
what's worse the activation of the lab
triggers a malfunction in its nuclear
power core
threatening to unleash a nuclear
explosion in just four hours
which means they have to find a way to
fix the time machine and travel back
before the explosion
running out of time they have to act
quickly outside they are surprised to
find a ruined city covered with green
plants
but inhabited with no humans showing
that earth starts itself recovery after
human extinction
human skeletons are scattered everywhere
ethan gets to his girlfriend's house by
his memory
but only to find her bones making him
fall
into despair again ethan's brother tries
to persuade him to go back to the past
as the cure against the sickness doesn't
seem to exist even in the future world
the brothers words make ethan suspicious
he then turns on the rusty microcomputer
to play the recording once again from
which he recognizes his brother's voice
and it seems the brother is exactly the
one who shot him
while the brother raises his gun at
ethan he still denies strongly that he
would shoot ethan
in huge confusion though ethan decides
to complete the mission first
later with joint efforts they managed to
repair the power core
and then return to the laboratory now
the system works and they should be able
to return to the past
however ethan still finds his body
remains behind a door at the same
location
which implies that they haven't made any
changes to the future
in order to figure out the truth ethan
pulls out the battery of his current
microcomputer
and puts it onto the rusty one in that
way he gets access to another video
in which ethan is assured that his
future self will be killed by his
brother
his brother then confesses that there is
no hope of changing the future
and he is trying to protect ethan
finding it hard to believe that
ethan locks his brother up in a room
then plays back his father's holographic
log from the day he died
he soon discovers a conversation between
the chronicler cto
and his father it's shown that ethan's
father wanted to save all mankind
but the cto only intended to flee from
the dying time with some chosen few only
however whichever plan they choose
someone must travel into the future
and turn on the time machine in order to
stop the cto with her plan
the father locks the time machine and
sets ethan's dna
as the verification key in anger at what
ethan's father just did
that cto killed him immediately ethan
finally realizes that he has
misunderstood his father
who didn't deliberately abandon the
family knowing that
ethan tries to shut down the laboratory
but the brother rushes to stop
ethan and tells him that he's tasked
here by the cto
to ensure that ethan is sent in time to
repair the power failure
once ethan activates the time machine he
should kill ethan
however struggling in mind for a while
the guilt-ridden brother can't bear to
kill ethan
but kills himself instead in rage and
regret
ethan is determined to fulfill his
father's dying wish
meanwhile in the laboratory of the year
the cto with a group of privileged
chosen people
are waiting anxiously for the time
machine to be activated
to their shock however the time machine
sends back hundreds of extinct plants
along with a copy of the recorded murder
of ethan's father
soon after even destroys the time
machine resulting in the collapse of the
cto's plan
in the end the cto is arrested due to
her murder
the plans sent back to 2067 are
cultivated to revitalize the planet
ethan's girlfriend also receives a
flower sent from him
and understands his choice while ethan
has to stay in the future world alone
he buries his brother and forgives him a
butterfly catches his attention and
leads him again to the same entrance
where ethan is happy to notice that the
corpse of his future self has gone
he rushes to take a look at the world
outside and feels relieved to see that
the future world has finally been
changed
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out